Added k3S and Imapal files (#344)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/k3s.md

---
name: K3S
category: Containers and Orchestration
description: K3S is a lightweight, certified Kubernetes distribution optimized for IoT, edge computing, and resource-constrained environments.
download_url: https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/releases
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: v0.1.0

>     release_date: 2019-02-26

Author: ```suggestion
    release_date: 2019/02/26
```

 
 
optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://k3s.io/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://docs.k3s.io/quick-start
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:
 
optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum: 
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: Release notes for Arm64/Linux support is not there but binary is getting released for Arm64 platform since v0.1.0. In README file also it is mention that this version support Arm64 platform.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Release notes for Linux/ARM64 are not available, but the Linux/ARM64 binaries are rolled out from version 0.1.0 onwards. The README.md in version 0.1.0 confirms the Linux/ARM64 support.
```
